guides: deployment (#152)
osrd-project/osrd-website: content/docs/guides/deploy/_index.en.md

---
title: "Deploy OSRD"
linkTitle: "Deploy OSRD"
weight: 10
description: Learn how to deploy OSRD in various environments
---

First of all, we recommend learning about the [containers architecture of OSRD]({{< ref "/docs/explanation/containers-architecture" >}}).

We will cover how to deploy OSRD within the following setups:

 - [Using docker compose]({{< ref "/docs/guides/deploy/docker-compose" >}}) on a single node.
 - [Using helm]({{< ref "/docs/guides/deploy/docker-compose" >}}) on a kubernetes cluster.

> It's also possible to deploy manually each service of OSRD manually on a system, but we will not cover this topic within this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to deploy each service of OSRD manually on a system, but we will not cover this topic within this guide.
```
